Sir?
Yu Wei, you are still too weak
I'll teach you a set then.
Immortal cultivation techniques suitable for women
Cultivation
Sir, have you been practicing immortal cultivation?
Yes, but this cultivation and martial arts are one day at a time
Two systems?
Please also accept me as your disciple
Accept my immortal cultivation method
I'm younger than you.
Are you sure you want me to be your master?
Master haha good
Then I will accept your apprentice
Thank you master for practicing
Master, what kind of pill is this?
This is a second-level exercise sheet.
It is very suitable for us cultivators to take.
Thank you master
Don't worry, after yours is finished.
Body, no more crooked mouth
master
Help me down
The two practice sheets have only reached the 7th floor
It seems
I have to practice some saw chess to get to the ninth floor
Today, Formal Jewelry is hosting a gambling event
Fortune invited us to participate
My brother and I came to find you to play with, but we can't